Princess Elsa of arendelle possesses
magic powers that allow her to control
and create ice and snow often using them
to play with her younger sister Anna
after Elsa accidentally injured Anna
with her magic their parents the king
and queen take both siblings to a colony
of trolls led by grand pabbie
he heals Anna that alters her memories
so that she forgets about Elsa's magic
grand pabbie warns Elsa that she must
learn to control her powers and that
fear will be her greatest enemy the king
and queen isolate both sisters within
the castle closing the castle gates to
their subjects in an effort to protect
her sister from her increasingly
unpredictable powers Elsa ceases all
contact with Anna creating a rift
between them when the sisters are
teenagers their parents die at sea
during a storm following her 21st
birthday Elsa is to be crowned queen of
arendelle she is terrified however that
the Kingdom citizens might find out
about her powers and fear her the castle
gates open to the public and visiting
dignitaries for the first time in years
among them are the scheming Duke of
weselton and the dashing Prince Hans of
the Southern Isles on a falls in love
with Prince Hans at first sight Elsa's
coronation takes place without incident
but she still remains distant from Anna
Anna and Hans develop a romantic
connection during the coronation
festivities and he impulsively proposes
to her but Elsa objects when they seek
her blessing hurt and Confused Anna
protests begging Elsa to explain her
fear and isolation the emotional strain
causes Elsa to accidentally unleash her
powers before the court the Duke of
weselton calls Elsa a monster and she
flees to the North Mountain where she
finally acknowledges her powers building
a palace of ice in which to live alone
for the rest of her life in the process
however her magic unintentionally covers
arendelle in a never-ending winter on
Avengers out to find Elsa and end the
winter leaving Hans in command she gets
lost along her way collecting supplies
at wandering oaken's shop she meets an
ice Harvester named Kristoff and his
reindeer Sven convincing them to take
her to the mountains an attack by wolves
leads to Kristoff sleigh being destroyed
on foot they meet all
a cheerful snowman brought to life
unknowingly by Elsa Olaf offers to lead
them to Elsa when Ana's horse returns to
arendelle without her Hans sets out to
find honour and Elsa accompanied by the
duke's minions who have secret orders to
kill Elsa reaching the ice palace on a
finds Elsa when Anna reveals what has
become of arendelle a horrified Elsa
confesses she does not know how to undo
her magic her fear causes her powers to
manifest themselves once more and she
accidentally freezes Ana's heart
poisoning her Elsa then creates a giant
snow monster named marshmallow who
chases on a Kristoff and Olaf away
realizing the effects of Elsa's spell on
Anna Kristoff takes her to the trolls
his adoptive family grand pabbie reveals
that honor will freeze solid unless an
act of true love reverses the spell
Kristoff races on a back home so Hans
can give her true love's kiss Hans and
his men reach Elsa's Palace defeating
marshmallow and capturing Elsa Anna is
delivered to Hans but rather than
kissing her Hans instead reveals that he
has actually been plotting to seize the
throne of arendelle by eliminating both
sisters Hans laksana in a room to die
and then manipulates the dignitaries
into believing that Elsa killed her but
not before he and Anna were married he
orders the Queen's execution only to
discover she has escaped her detention
cell Olaf freeze Anna and they venture
into the blizzard outside to meet
Kristoff who Olaf has revealed is in
love with her Hans confronts Elsa
outside claiming that she killed Anna
causing Elsa to break down and abruptly
stop the storm honest spots Hans about
to kill Elsa she leaps in the way and
freezes solid stopping Hans devastated
Elsa hugs and mourns over her sister who
starts to thaw because her heroism
counts as an act of true love for her
sister realizing that love is the key to
controlling her magic Elsa ends the
winter and gives Olof his own snow
flurry to survive the warmer climate
Hans is arrested and exiled from the
kingdom for his attempted assassination
and the Duke can no longer trade with
arendelle Anna gives Kristoff a new
sleigh and the two kiss both sisters are
reunited and Elsa promises never to lock
the castle gates again
you
[Music]